Clarify that URIs shall also be converted (#3201)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/annotations.tex

\begin{nonnormative}
Whenever possible tools should preserve the original style of the model, e.g.\ use of imports.

> Conversions should be applied in all places where classes are used in code, including modelica:// links in documentation annotations.

Reviewer: They should be called _Modelica URIs_, right?
```suggestion
Conversions should be applied in all places where classes are used in code, including Modelica URIs  in documentation annotations.
```

> Conversions should be applied in all places where classes are used in code, including Modelica URIs (for example, in \lstinline!Documentation! annotations).

Author: ```suggestion
Conversions should be applied in all places where named element are used as code, including Modelica URIs (for example, in \lstinline!Documentation! annotations).
```
```suggestion
Conversions should be applied in all places where classes are used in code, including Modelica URIs (for example, in \lstinline!Documentation! annotations).
```

> Conversions should be applied in all places where classes are used in code, including Modelica URIs (for example, in \lstinline!Documentation! annotations).

Author: ```suggestion
Conversions should be applied in all places where named element are used as code, including Modelica URIs (for example, in \lstinline!Documentation! annotations).
```
```suggestion
Conversions should be applied in all places where classes are used in code, including Modelica URIs (for example, in \lstinline!Documentation! annotations).
```
